# Scrum Document Logbook  
**Group: Netflix & Coding**  
**Course: COSC 310 – Software Engineering**  
**Term: 2025**

---

## **Sep 15 — 2:30 PM–3:15 PM | Team Contract Formation**
**Meeting Type:** Planning & Team Formation  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Began constructing the team contract.  
- Emphasized the importance of communication — direct and constructive.  
- Team core values established:
  - Respect  
  - Accountability  
  - Dedication  
- Meeting frequency decided to be 2× per week: one in-lab meeting and one additional online/in-person meeting.  
- Set structure for meetings:
  - First meeting of the week: sets goals and expectations.  
  - Second meeting: progress check and collaborative debugging.  
- Covered accountability and repercussions for non-participation.  
- Individual contributions and communication expectations clarified.  
- Group pledged to advocate for balanced contributions and transparency.

### **Action Items**
- Finalize and sign contract.  
- Bring initial feature ideas to next meeting.  

---

## **Sep 22 — 2:00 PM–3:00 PM | GitHub Setup & Project Planning**
**Meeting Type:** Technical Setup  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Created GitHub repository.  
- Linked Visual Studio Code environments to GitHub.  
- Discussed branching strategy (feature branches → PR → main).  
- Began initial backlog brainstorming and early planning of core features.  
- Started thinking about the long-term shape and direction of the project.  
- Set preliminary commit message and coding conventions.

### **Action Items**
- Add early backlog stories into GitHub Projects.  
- Begin refining feature ideas during M1.  

---

## **Oct 03 — 10:00 AM–1:30 PM | M1 Finalization**
**Meeting Type:** Requirements Documentation  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Continued working on M1 — Requirements Specifications.  
- Discussed project scope, functionality, usability, and priorities.  
- Created extended user stories.  
- Drafted:
  - Functional Requirements  
  - Non-Functional Requirements  
- Created GitHub Backlog and imported user stories.  
- Decided Coran would add prioritization labels at home.  
- Delegated remainder of M1 writing tasks to individual team members.

### **Action Items**
- Finalize Requirements Specification section.  
- Complete individual M1 writing contributions.  

---

## **Oct 06 — 2:00 PM–4:00 PM | FastAPI Initialization**
**Meeting Type:** Backend Setup  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Met in person to run and verify FastAPI demo functionality on all devices.  
- Discussed the foundation for our dataset and how it will connect to our endpoint application.  
- Ensured consistent backend development environment across the team.

### **Action Items**
- Begin planning API structure diagrams for M2.

---

## **Oct 08 — 11:00 AM–12:30 PM | M2 Finalization**
**Meeting Type:** Design & Diagramming  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Met partly in person, partly online.  
- Reviewed each other's diagrams (UML, component, sequence, etc.).  
- Agreed to base most diagrams on Fraser’s UML, incorporating contributions from others.  
- Began working on required M2 diagrams:
  - Architecture Diagram  
  - Data Flow Diagram (Level 1)  
  - Component Diagram  
  - Class Diagram  
  - Sequence Diagrams (2+)  
  - Design Pattern Diagram  
- Set up shared diagram accounts/spaces for collaboration.  
- Discussed how each design component maps back to user stories in the backend.  
- Documented these conclusions in M2.  
- Reduced scope where necessary, focusing on core implications of user stories.  
- Delegated remaining diagram work individually.

### **Action Items**
- Complete diagramming tasks individually.  

---

## **Oct 19 — 10:00 AM–11:00 AM | Minor Class Delegation**
**Meeting Type:** Backend Class Design  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Discussed structure for User, Customer, and Product classes.  
- Mapped these to M2 UML diagrams.  
- Discussed pre-lab submission for Oct 20.  
- Prioritized user-related classes.  
- Structured lines of communication for upcoming development workload.

### **Action Items**
- Begin implementing assigned classes.

---

## **Oct 20 — 2:00 PM–4:00 PM | Lab Testing**
**Meeting Type:** Testing Session  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Added issues to main branch Kanban.  
- Started writing and testing class-related issues.  
- Addressed early errors and wrote initial test cases.

### **Action Items**
- Continue implementing and refining tests.

---

## **Oct 27 — 2:00 PM–3:30 PM | Code Comprehension**
**Meeting Type:** Collaborative Review  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Explained code to each other to ensure all team members understand the system.  
- Identified misunderstandings, unclear sections, and inconsistent patterns.  
- Discussed improvements to code clarity and style.

### **Action Items**
- Improve documentation + revise unclear sections.

---

## **Oct 30 — 10:00 AM–11:00 AM | Workflows and API Code Review**
**Meeting Type:** QA + API Review  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Held mid-project checkpoint to assess progress.  
- Reviewed existing workflows and quality assurance practices.  
- Studied another group's CI pipeline and planned our own.  
- Performed thorough code review of new APIs and additions.  
- Tested API outputs and identified internal errors.  
- Resolved some errors during meeting; delegated remaining debugging to Fraser and Kithe.  
- Reviewed user stories:
  - Identified missing elements  
  - Added labels and sub-issues  
  - Assigned story labeling to Harrison  
- Discussed missing or weak areas in testing and planned updates.

### **Action Items**
- Improve CI and expand testing terminology/documentation.  

---

## **Nov 03 — 2:00 PM–4:00 PM | TA Progression Check**
**Meeting Type:** Consultation  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Checked progress with TA.  
- Discussed plan to restart backend due to structural issues and code bloat.  
- TA provided insight into class organization, different moderator levels, and simplification strategies.  
- Discussed API consistency and plans for restructuring.

### **Action Items**
- Prepare for full restructuring session on Nov 5.

---

## **Nov 05 — 5:00 PM–9:00 PM | File Restructuring and API Development**
**Meeting Type:** Major Backend Rebuild  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Met to restructure Kanban board.  
- Deleted components out of scope.  
- Refined existing user stories into a more structured backlog.  
- Created additional Kanban entries for the new system.  
- Planned simplified development workflow:
  - cleaner structure  
  - consistent merging  
  - stable API development  
- **Restructured backend into full MVC architecture.**  
- **Created CI pipeline with pytest.**

### **Action Items**
- Continue implementing new backend according to MVC.

---

## **Nov 17 — 2:00 PM–3:30 PM | Code Review & Check-in**
**Meeting Type:** Review  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Met with TA for code review.  
- Reviewed backend + frontend integration.  
- Discussed improvements and confirmed progress.  

### **Action Items**
- Apply TA feedback.

---

## **Nov 21 — 10:00 AM–11:00 PM | M3 Finalisation**
**Meeting Type:** Full-Day Work Session  
**Attendees:**  
- **10:00–12:00 & 2:00–3:30:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  
- **5:00–11:00:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- The bulk of M3 work finalized.  
- Reviewed plans, delegated tasks for writing components and cleanup.  
- From 10–12:
  - Finalized writing portions for M3  
  - Cleaned Kanban issues  
  - Planned backend containerization using Docker  
  - Planned external API integration  
  - Planned testing overhaul (unit, integration, and mocking)  
- From 2–3:30:
  - All members worked on remaining M3 features  
  - Finalized smaller debugging tasks  
- From 5–11 PM:
  - Implemented the remaining M3 backend features  
  - Containerized backend using Docker  
  - Integrated external API  
  - Refactored and expanded testing system (unit, integration, mocks)  
  - Cleaned structure and prepared final M3 submission

### **Action Items**
- Ensure all documentation matches final system.  
- Submit M3 package.

---

## **Nov 30 — 12:30 PM–1:30 PM | M4 Finalisation**
**Meeting Type:** Planning  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Coordinated new features for M4.  
- Delegated tasks to each group member.  
- Discussed Git changes to support frontend integration.  
- External API conversation.  
- Frontend implementation planning.  
- Final backlog verification.  
- Frequent references to the traceability matrix.

### **Action Items**
- Begin implementing M4 features.

---

## **Dec 1 — 2:00 PM–4:00 PM | Final Lab Session**
**Meeting Type:** TA Verification  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Verified individual components with TA:
  - WISHLIST (Coran) — Approved  
  - REFUNDS (Fraser) — Approved  
  - ADMIN ANALYTICS DASHBOARD (Kithe) — Approved, but, Must be a clearly new/advanced feature 
  - PENALTIES (Harrison) — Approved Must allow user dispute or response  
  - EXTERNAL API — Approved (implemented in M3 already)
- Discussed best practices for merging final features.  
- Identified remaining M4 requirements and deliverables.

### **Action Items**
- Implement Individual Features
- Begin frontend coding as group.
- Prepare for video demonstration.

---

## **Dec 3 — 2:00 PM–3:30 PM | Final Development Push**
**Meeting Type:** Development  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Continued working on frontend with all group members present.  
- Created README.  
- Dockerized system.  
- Identified remainder of M4 components to finish:
  - Scrum documents  
  - Traceability matrix  
  - Feature write-ups  

### **Action Items**
- Finish frontend.  
- Prepare for video demo on Dec 4.

---

## **Dec 4 — 2:00 PM–2:30 PM | Demo Recording & Final Submission Assembly**
**Meeting Type:** Recording & Documentation  
**Attendees:** Fraser, Kithe, Coran, Harrison  

### **Key Discussion Points**
- Discussed recording strategies and presentation structure.  
- Recorded video parts individually and edited into final video.  
- Completed final deliverables:
  - Scrum documents  
  - Traceability matrix  
  - M4 write-up  
  - README  
- Confirmed system was fully Dockerized and frontend functional.

### **Action Items**
- Submit M4 package.  
- Upload demonstration video.

---
